{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AppleSymbols;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11100\viewh8700\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sa480\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Move-In Form
\b0\fs20 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sa200\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Your name:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sa100\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 This form is designed to assist you in recording the condition of your rental unit upon moving in and moving out.  For each item, please check the most appropriate answer, and then describe any problems as clearly as possible. Detailed answers will prevent you from being charged upon move out for damages for which you were not responsible.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sa200\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 This form does not serve as a repair request. If something in your unit requires repair, please contact your Alumni Advisor. No work will be authorized from this form.\
\pard\tqc\tx7924\tqc\tx8640\sa100\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	
\b Yes	No
\b0 \
\pard\tx355\tqc\tx7924\tqc\tx8640\sa100\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1.	Does the door to your unit properly close and latch?	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 \
2.	Do the door hardware, deadbolt, and keys operate properly?	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 \
3.	Is the door free of damage, stickers, graffiti, 
\i etc.
\i0 ?	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 \
4.	Is the unit number on your door properly displayed?	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 \
\pard\li357\fi-5\sa1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 If you answered \'93No\'94 to any of questions 1\'964 above, describe the condition:\
\pard\tx355\tqc\tx7924\tqc\tx8640\sa100\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 5.	Do the windows to your unit properly close and latch?	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 \
6.	Are there screens on each window that opens?	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 \
7.	Are the windows free of damage, including cracked or broken glass?	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 \
8.	Are the windows free of stickers, graffiti, 
\i etc.
\i0 ?	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 \
\pard\li357\fi-5\sa1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 If you answered \'93No\'94 to any of questions 5\'968 above, describe the condition:\
\pard\tx355\tqc\tx7924\tqc\tx8640\sa100\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 9.	Is the smoke alarm unit free of damage and appearing to work properly?	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 \
10.	Do all of the electrical outlets work properly?	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 \
11.	Do all of the electrical lights and fixtures work properly, including bulbs?	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 \
12.	Do the internet and cable connections work properly?	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 \
\pard\li357\fi-5\sa1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 If you answered \'93No\'94 to any of questions 9\'9612 above, describe the condition:\
\pard\tx355\tqc\tx7924\tqc\tx8640\sa100\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 13.	Is the ceiling free of damage, stains, and graffiti?	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 \
14.	Are the walls free of damage, stains, and graffiti?	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 \
15.	Is the flooring free of damage, stains, and graffiti?	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 \
16.	Are the heating registers and register covers damage free?	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 \
17.	Was your unit empty of furniture and belongings upon move in?	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 \
18.	Was your unit reasonably clean upon move in?	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 	
\f1 \uc0\u9744 
\f0 \
\pard\li357\fi-5\sa1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 If you answered \'93No\'94 to any of questions 13\'9618 above, describe the condition:\
\pard\tx355\sa100\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 19.	If your room is furnished, please list the quantity of each item that is present in your room:\
\pard\li357\fi-5\sa200\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Twin-sized mattresses:\
Bed frame:\
Desk:\
Desk chair:\
\pard\li357\fi-5\sa1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Describe problems, stains, or damage to the furniture in your room:\
\pard\tx355\sa100\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 20.	Describe any additional information about problems or pre-existing damage to your room. Attach additional pages if needed.}